[terra-popup] Updated examples for terra popup (#1730)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-framework-docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* Updated

>   * Examples with inert attribute to ensure accessibility when  arrow keys are used for `terra-popup`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated popup examples with inert attribute to demonstrate focus trap when using virtual PC Cursor of Jaws.
```
